README.md, before:

## Statefull FirewallD management, powered by Ansible
This role provides a means to statefully control host firewalls running FirewallD.

It will check the current running configuration and add/remove services, ports and rich rules.

By default it will clear out any configuration that is not defined in Ansible, which will allow maintaining a firewall policy even when it is changed by (end-)admins. This behaviour can also be disabled.

Limitations:

* Currently the role only supports the default 'public' zone, it will check if public the active zone for the default network interface. If it is not, it will error out. This behaviour should be compatible with Podman or other container engines, but is not extensively tested.
* When multiple zones are found, this role will warn the admin by having a task report as changed on each run, this task does not make a change however and is only mean as a signaling system.
* The role does not support direct rules in FirewallD, as the Ansible modules used also do not support them.

# Usage
* Include role in your Ansible project
* Configure it
* Deploy with Ansible
* ???
* Profit!

Commit message:

Added task and note in the README to remove protocols, as these bypass the entire firewall policy

README.md, after:

## Statefull FirewallD management, powered by Ansible
This role provides a means to statefully control host firewalls running FirewallD.

It will check the current running configuration and add/remove services, ports and rich rules.

By default it will clear out any configuration that is not defined in Ansible, which will allow maintaining a firewall policy even when it is changed by (end-)admins. This behaviour can also be disabled.

NOTE: when configured to remove unknown configuration it will also remove 'protocols' from the public zone. Enabling a protocol can negate the complete firewall configuration maintained by this role.

Limitations:

* Currently the role only supports the default 'public' zone, it will check if public the active zone for the default network interface. If it is not, it will error out. This behaviour should be compatible with Podman or other container engines, but is not extensively tested.
* When multiple zones are found, this role will warn the admin by having a task report as changed on each run, this task does not make a change however and is only mean as a signaling system.
* The role does not support direct rules in FirewallD, as the Ansible modules used also do not support them.

# Usage
* Include role in your Ansible project
* Configure it
* Deploy with Ansible
* ???
* Profit!
